README.md, before:

# Rust_100Days
 100 Hundred - Minor, Incremental, Growth
12/17/2023: 67 - working through clap and other cli designs
12/16/2023: 66 - deepish dive in Enums, setup Jupyter Notebook, trying to build up muscle memory

[1] The Rust Programming Language, 2nd Edition
9/27/2023: 1 - Finished Chapter 1 and Started Chapter 2
9/28/2023: 2 - Finished chapter 2
9/29/2023: 3 - Chapter 3 (mid-point)
9/30/2023: 4 - Chapter 3 Competed
10/1/2023: 5 - Chapter 4 mid-point
10/2/2023: 6 - Finished Chapter 4
10/3/2023: 7 - Chapter 5
10/5/2023: 9 - Chapter 6 - Enums
10/6/2023: 10 - finished chapter 6 - Enum, started ch 7, Started O'reilly book
10/7/2023: 11 - half-way chapter 7
10/8/2023: 12 - starting from top, working through code snippets
10/9/2023: 13 - con't part 2 - working through code snippets
10/10/2023: 14 - finished chapt 3, orielly set up website
10/11/2023: 15 - half-way through ownership
10/12/2023: 16 - finished chapt 4 ownership
10/13/2023: 17 - half-way chapt 5  structs
10/14/2023: 18 - finished 5 struct, 6 enums
10/15/2023: 19 - half-way chapter 7 (code structure)
10/16/2023: 20 - finished chapter 7 - code structures
//PTO break --12
10/28/2023: 21 - collections 
10/29/2023: 22 - Rustlings & Web book
10/30/2023: 23 - Rustling, Web book, O'reilly
10/31/2023: 24 - O'reilly, web Book, Rustling
11/1/2023: 25 - O'reilly - nailing down fundamentals of core data types & structures
11/2/2023: 26 - O'reilly - chapter 4 (deep understanding of ownership)
11/3/2023: 27 - O'reilly - chapter 5 - half-way; deep dive into references & lifetime
11/4/2023: 28 - O'reilly - finished 5 on references & lifetime
11/5/2023: 29 - O'reilly - expression
-- 4
11/09/2023: 30 - O'reilly - finished chapter on expression
11/10/2023: 31 - exceptions
11/11/2023: 32 - crates, module and code organization
11/12/2023: 33 - back to basic (physical books, The Rust Programming Language) - plan is to time-box 'readings' to 50 days and switch to applications. 
Reminder to me - need a solid foundation to build from. 
11/13/2023: 34 - chapt3, part of 4... 
11/14/2023: 35 - 4,5,6, most of 7 <-- goal is to make a big push over weekend to get to learning curve
11/15/2023: 36 - finished 7, part of 8 <-- clicking now
11/17/2023: 37 - finished 8,9 <-- ? operator is slick
11/18/2023: 38 - finished through chapter 12 of the 'book' - lifetimes seems a bit tricky; contours starting to take shape
11/19/2023: 39 - finished 13,14, started 15... smart pointers will take time to internalize
11/20/2023: 40 - finished 15, 16, started 17 
11/21/2023: 41 - finished 17, placing book on hold and migrating to project based tutorials
11/22/2023: 42 - chapter 1 of O'reilly Command Line Tool
11/23/2023: 43 - chapter 2, part of 3
11/24/2023: 44 - finished 3 - picked up Programming Rust - 1
11/25/2023: 45 - 2-4
11/26/2023: 46 - 5-6
11/27/2023: 47 - 6&7 --> foundation is getting set, migrating back to an hour a day. 
11/28/2023: 48 - start of 8
11/29/2023: 49 - complete 8; weekend project is a mini-project, inventory
11/30/2023: 50 - start of 9, look at structs
12/1/2023: 51 - starting writing out notes; goal of 100 days in fluent understanding of fundamentals that every application will have.
12/2/2023: 52
12/3/2023: 53
12/4/2023: 54 ... been heads down working fundamentals
12/5/2023: 55 deep dive into vectors
12/6/2023: 56 deep dive into vectors, starting ownership
12/7/2023: 57 deep dive into owner/scope
12/8/2023: 58 deep dive into lifetimes 
12/9/2023: 59 deep dive into lifetimes
12/10/2023: 60 deep dive into traits & trait objects
12/11/2023: 61 managing errors ---> ? propagates errors/options
12/12/2023: 62 unit testing capabilities
12/13/2023: 63 - unit testing
12/14/2023: 64 - unit testing *Completed working, end 100 days on 12/31
12/15/2023: 65 (81) - scuffling a bit, just start coding
-- ending on 12/31/2023
-- keep building up callouses afterwards

Commit message:

Rust - closing out 100 days and transitioning to ongoing C&F - projects

README.md, after:

# Rust Sandbox 
The previous exercise was 100 days, which has provided a good launchpad to continue and develop. 


# Rust 100 Days
 100 Hundred - Minor, Incremental, Growth
12/17/2023: 67 - working through clap and other cli designs
12/16/2023: 66 - deepish dive in Enums, setup Jupyter Notebook, trying to build up muscle memory

[1] The Rust Programming Language, 2nd Edition
9/27/2023: 1 - Finished Chapter 1 and Started Chapter 2
9/28/2023: 2 - Finished chapter 2
9/29/2023: 3 - Chapter 3 (mid-point)
9/30/2023: 4 - Chapter 3 Competed
10/1/2023: 5 - Chapter 4 mid-point
10/2/2023: 6 - Finished Chapter 4
10/3/2023: 7 - Chapter 5
10/5/2023: 9 - Chapter 6 - Enums
10/6/2023: 10 - finished chapter 6 - Enum, started ch 7, Started O'reilly book
10/7/2023: 11 - half-way chapter 7
10/8/2023: 12 - starting from top, working through code snippets
10/9/2023: 13 - con't part 2 - working through code snippets
10/10/2023: 14 - finished chapt 3, orielly set up website
10/11/2023: 15 - half-way through ownership
10/12/2023: 16 - finished chapt 4 ownership
10/13/2023: 17 - half-way chapt 5  structs
10/14/2023: 18 - finished 5 struct, 6 enums
10/15/2023: 19 - half-way chapter 7 (code structure)
10/16/2023: 20 - finished chapter 7 - code structures
//PTO break --12
10/28/2023: 21 - collections 
10/29/2023: 22 - Rustlings & Web book
10/30/2023: 23 - Rustling, Web book, O'reilly
10/31/2023: 24 - O'reilly, web Book, Rustling
11/1/2023: 25 - O'reilly - nailing down fundamentals of core data types & structures
11/2/2023: 26 - O'reilly - chapter 4 (deep understanding of ownership)
11/3/2023: 27 - O'reilly - chapter 5 - half-way; deep dive into references & lifetime
11/4/2023: 28 - O'reilly - finished 5 on references & lifetime
11/5/2023: 29 - O'reilly - expression
-- 4
11/09/2023: 30 - O'reilly - finished chapter on expression
11/10/2023: 31 - exceptions
11/11/2023: 32 - crates, module and code organization
11/12/2023: 33 - back to basic (physical books, The Rust Programming Language) - plan is to time-box 'readings' to 50 days and switch to applications. 
Reminder to me - need a solid foundation to build from. 
11/13/2023: 34 - chapt3, part of 4... 
11/14/2023: 35 - 4,5,6, most of 7 <-- goal is to make a big push over weekend to get to learning curve
11/15/2023: 36 - finished 7, part of 8 <-- clicking now
11/17/2023: 37 - finished 8,9 <-- ? operator is slick
11/18/2023: 38 - finished through chapter 12 of the 'book' - lifetimes seems a bit tricky; contours starting to take shape
11/19/2023: 39 - finished 13,14, started 15... smart pointers will take time to internalize
11/20/2023: 40 - finished 15, 16, started 17 
11/21/2023: 41 - finished 17, placing book on hold and migrating to project based tutorials
11/22/2023: 42 - chapter 1 of O'reilly Command Line Tool
11/23/2023: 43 - chapter 2, part of 3
11/24/2023: 44 - finished 3 - picked up Programming Rust - 1
11/25/2023: 45 - 2-4
11/26/2023: 46 - 5-6
11/27/2023: 47 - 6&7 --> foundation is getting set, migrating back to an hour a day. 
11/28/2023: 48 - start of 8
11/29/2023: 49 - complete 8; weekend project is a mini-project, inventory
11/30/2023: 50 - start of 9, look at structs
12/1/2023: 51 - starting writing out notes; goal of 100 days in fluent understanding of fundamentals that every application will have.
12/2/2023: 52
12/3/2023: 53
12/4/2023: 54 ... been heads down working fundamentals
12/5/2023: 55 deep dive into vectors
12/6/2023: 56 deep dive into vectors, starting ownership
12/7/2023: 57 deep dive into owner/scope
12/8/2023: 58 deep dive into lifetimes 
12/9/2023: 59 deep dive into lifetimes
12/10/2023: 60 deep dive into traits & trait objects
12/11/2023: 61 managing errors ---> ? propagates errors/options
12/12/2023: 62 unit testing capabilities
12/13/2023: 63 - unit testing
12/14/2023: 64 - unit testing *Completed working, end 100 days on 12/31
12/15/2023: 65 (81) -just start coding
- 12/28/2023 (94): transitioned to projects; data analytics; etc. 
ending on 12/31/2023
